Oh
the most difficult thing we ever had to
do
must let you go
not a day that s side that I don't
reminisce about decisions mean with your
life I must admit it must have been the
scary moment where my mind was at a
split like do I keep should I try to
rest this what would be the consequence
of my intuition if I
he was ready wouldn't be in this
position
you're automatically responsible
creating it pacing back before 3d books
of every source not a single man could
get by with this heavy force she's
telling me one thing the option to abort
the next day it's the opposite saying
it's my fault we're hoping it together
but we're constantly fighting till the
bluegrass suspect that she's probably
one
very first day we're just an illusion
when I stay happy
wanna know what you feel about me if
it's the same way that I will
you I wanna move on but can't hide the
truth happy birthday to you I wanna know
what you feel about me it fit the same
way that I feel
you think about scenario that we had
really kept you the smile on your face
all the diapers we were Cheech the
lumpen it would take every morning when
you wake the first time that you will
step in the school on your first day
we're good at each other news my own
perspective I'd be learning within you
and revisiting my childhood in following
you
with you to make mistakes in the sheet
my god
I mean who you say the talent you were
capable of what you make it up probably
amazing no I mean who's the same what
kind of person you would be if anything
you should have been enough they'd open
you were me a piece of my heart is
morning this
save was born still regretting this
get means as the first
you're just an illusion when I was young
want to know what you feel about me if
it's the same way that I feel about you
I wanna move Mumford can't hide the
truth happy birthday to you I want to
know what you
me if it the same way that I feel up
you
Louis
happy birthday to you the worst part
about it is living with this decision I
pictured you when the image of building
you're in the kid with a simple form
ambition I'll give you an ear to listen
be the father figure that you assisted
I've never missing but see what your
mother Debbie seals of the
we collided head someone said
I apologized a million time to battle
flies on Lyman I really kept it real is
cuz the part of me
blame to go around the deciding factor
was the consequence of why we let you
down a real-life difficulty wouldn't hit
me feeling guilty then I started
thinking and then finally got me right
now hope you find it in your heart or
watch me like a needle clues I'm really
shameful than the point of view angle
if the light was taken since the first
day the irony you bet it is
what you feel about me if it's the same
way that I feel about you I wanna move
on but can't hide the truth
happy birthday to you I wouldn't know
if it the same way that I feel about you
yes happy birthday to you